docs(quick-start): rename tutorial to quick start (#56)
bloomberg/stricli: docs/blog/2024-10-01-introducing-stricli.mdx

## Available Now!

> Check out the full documentation at [bloomberg.github.io/stricli](https://bloomberg.github.io/stricli). Start adding Stricli to your application today by running `npm i -P @stricli/core`, or you can bootstrap a new project with `npx @stricli/create-app@latest`. A step-by-step guide for creating a new application can be found in the [quick start](https://bloomberg.github.io/stricli/docs/quick-start) included in Stricli's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the full documentation at [bloomberg.github.io/stricli](https://bloomberg.github.io/stricli). Start adding Stricli to your application today by running `npm i --save-prod @stricli/core`, or you can bootstrap a new project with `npx @stricli/create-app@latest`. A step-by-step guide for creating a new application can be found in the [quick start](https://bloomberg.github.io/stricli/docs/quick-start) included in Stricli's documentation.
```
